Are you all right?
What did he do to you?
I'm fine, I just want to ask Mr. Lu for a favor
I didn't expect him to be angry.
What is your connection to the story?
Because Chairperson Gu once funded me to study abroad
I want to repay him.
I know you go first
Take him back first
Uncle, you clearly know that he is my wife
What are you doing? I'm talking to him.
Do you need to be together to talk about things?
I know you don't believe it.
But I'm here today on your mother's orders
Later yes
He's not the kind of infidelity you usually play
Heart woman
And I warn you not to have any bad thoughts
I will tell my sister-in-law.
And uncle, don't forget
The road determines everything
In my hands
You are the president
But as far as I know
Grandpa
I haven't handed over the things of the people in power to you yet
So uncle
Are you going to fight with me? Hahahaha.
The token is a wedding gift.
Before you got married
I'm afraid your position as president is still unstable
Xiao Shuo, let's wait and see.
Will make you proud of your own arrogance
Arrogance pays the price